Ah, fie, the mark is set.

Down, down, down. The bridge sweeps over the barren shore in the black night. One, two, three, the mark is set. Down, down, down we go into the dark night. Ah, fie, the mark is real. Down he says. To go down is the only way around, but the only way around is through. So through we go down into the depths of the dark. Where are the voices? These promises have no ends. Down, down inside and through, back and away. Voices, voices, where are the voices? Down, down, down.

No, says the wall. The decision is set. Fire eyes and yellow smiles can entreat the lost souls of yesterday but fools and followers are nevermore. Down, down, the promises have been kept. Never mind the decision. The promises have been kept.

Aye, we've come. The followers have met. To late and back again we entreat as the yellow sunset dances on the spines of the forgotten. Tisk, tisk, tisk, what goes on below. Where are the voices? Fie, the mark is set. Down, down, down.

What's elapsed has not yet passed. Cries, cries in the depths of the future echo back into the recesses of the past, a past that has come to haunt the rememberers and haunt the forgotten. Yes, yes we've cried under the stars in the black of the night when the cloud is a curtain over the bright red sunset of yesterday. To record this would be folly for the past burns bright red in our minds. Yes, we remember the cries. Yes, we remember the forgotten, but we forget the ones who forgot.

Yes, says the wall. My time has come. Yes, yes. Never mind the hollow and the obsequious. Fly above your insecure intent. I leave you with these words. Flower, foil, golden golden record. Farewell and may your walls tear down beside you. No, no, I lean on you. Yes, yes, my time has come. I am not ready. Tear down this folly of recollection. May sense be jumbled into your brainstream. Oh no, the hour has struck, the mark is set. Down, down, down.

Blink, a spark. Spirit is the enemy of nightmare. The meaningless stabs and punches, bites and bruises. The writhing stops when the hour is struck, but come the clock and the stabs they go on, stab stab stab into the night, red red red bleeds through the eyes into the mind into the skull, through is around but we go down, down, down into the depths of the dark. Where are the voices? No, says the wall. The only way through is down. To forget is to surrender. Red, red, red, red, red, red, red.

But what anguish supports your unknown? You misread me, I come with no intent. Yet you come to beseech. Fie, it has come again. Back, back into the recesses of desire. I come with no intent. I come with no intent. Backlash, retreat, it has become an anomaly, a rut, a wide arc.

I was seven when I was found, a heap of blankets in a long field of corn under a silent blue cloudless sky. That was when the remembering stopped and the fear began. Or when the fear began and the remembering stopped. Fear, it creeps and shivers, red red the sky is red and it bleeds.

Ah, the white walls and the bitterness of sterility. I've come for my donations. You will not bleed today. Am I not human? There is not enough of you. You will not bleed today. Is this a taunt? No, you would not remember the cries, the don't listen to the walls the walls they collapse and the spears from all sides no, no, no this is a taunt and the walls they will crumble. I am a human and I will bleed today, red, red, red, red, red, red, red.

Ah yes the time, I must be late. To hear the tick, tick and the one-two-three-four of the footsteps and to look onward, horizontal into the flatness of the horizon, drums marking the seconds with their clockwork pulse and there is no time to forget only to bury the forgotten into the folds of the footsteps and to march onwards flat into the plane of the horizon golden with the stretching expanse of corn and red, red with the setting sun, onwards into the night to the clockwork pulse of the drums, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, one, two, three, four, onwards, onwards, onwards, onwards, onwards, onwards and onwards into the night into the darkness of the forgotten. Yes, yes says the wall, my time has come.
